Clarification about busybox x2 (#141)
carpentries-incubator/docker-introduction: _episodes/03-running-containers.md

> > $ docker run busybox busybox --help
> > ~~~
> > {: .language-bash}

> > > Note that this command uses `busybox` twice, first for the image name and then to run `busybox` command from the image.

Reviewer: Suggesting a slight rewording:
```suggestion
> > Note that this command uses `busybox` twice, first for the image name and then to run the `busybox` command within the container that is started.
```
